## Lab 2. Big WS

This laboratory will consist of a series of tasks designed to familiarize you with the tools and
technologies related to Big Web Services.

### Task 2.1: Test `iw7i-hellows` and `iw7i-hellocli`

**[MANDATORY] Test `iw7i-hellows` and `iw7i-hellocli`** 

The first step is to update your `git` projects. The outcome of this step should be retrieving
from `GitHub` the following `maven modules`:
* `iw7i-hellows`. This module is a standalone simple Web Service that can be run with the class
`iw7i.bigws.hellows.Server`. This class publishes the service at `http://localhost:8080/helloWorld`.
It'w WSDL should be avalilable at `http://localhost:8080/helloWorld?wsdl`.
* `iw7i-hellocli`. This module is a simple client mainly generated by the tool `wsimport` from the above WSDL. The class
`iw7i.bigws.hellows.Client` runs the client.

Next you should import them into your eclipse workspace and test them.

### Task 2.2: Deploy `iw7i-hellows` in a Web Container

**[MANDATORY] Deploy `iw7i-hellows` in a Web Container** 

The goal of this task is the transformation of `iw7i-hellows` from a `jar` project to a `war` project.
This task is quite complex and requires:
* In the `pom.xml`:
 * Change the package to `war` (it's `jar` by default)
 * Add `com.sun.xml.ws:jaxws-rt:2.2.8` as a dependency
* Create the file `src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/web.xml` and add:
 * Declare the `com.sun.xml.ws.transport.http.servlet.WSServlet` servlet provided by `jaxws-rt`.
 * Declare the `com.sun.xml.ws.transport.http.servlet.WSServletContextListener` listener provided by `jaxws-rt`.
 * Map a URI pattern to the servlet
* Create the file `src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/sun-jaxws.xml` and bind the 
class `iw7i.bigws.hellows.HelloWebService` with the endpoint.
* Update project with `maven`
* And then deploy (using the `Server view`) the application in the Tomcat server managed by eclipse.

This task is intended to be done with the help of the avaliable documentation at [jax-ws.java.net](https://jax-ws.java.net/2.2.8/docs/ch03.html#users-guide-war-file-packaging)
This task is fulfilled when you can get the WSDL document from the URI where you have published the Web service.

### Task 2.3: Rebuild `iw7i-hellocli`

**[MANDATORY] Rebuild `iw7i-hellocli`**

`wsimport` hardcodes the URI of the Web service in the generated code. Hence, a change in the enpoint of
the requires require to regenerate the code. Then, update `pom.xml` accordingly and perform the required 
steps for updating the code according to your configuration.

This task is intended to be done with the help of the available documentation at [JAX-WM Maven plugin](jax-ws-commons.java.net).

### Task 2.4: Design and implement an electronic Address Book with Web Services

**[MANDATORY]  Design and implement the application**

Transform the project `iw7i-xml` into a Web Service application. An open discussion will provide the
guidelines of this task. 

**[EASY CHALLENGE +0.20] Automate the build and the deployment of a `.war` file  containing the application to Tomcat using Maven**

**[EASY CHALLENGE +0.30] Test the Web services of your application with maven and junit as automatically as possible**

**[HARD CHALLENGE +1.00] Develop a working example where the usage of asynchonous web services with `WS-Addressing` has sense in your application**
